hi so season two starts off with a
little PSA for the viewers so let me
give my home little PSA here since one
3rw fans like telling people who don't
like their favorite show about suicide
to go commit suicide
so warning this video ain't serious and
just like the show most of it is bad
writing
let me explain so in case you missed
Season one of thirteen reasons why
pretty much it's a show that's to mental
health what Black Panther is to racial
prejudice just something else to watch
not saying that they can't sway people a
certain way or that it can be effective
I personally I love Black Panther but 13
reasons why season one was a mixed bag
you know it's about a girl named Hannah
Baker who witnessed a raped and got
raped but never told the counselor a
name witnessed a murder
never told the cops what on a lesbian
girl kissed her then left her out to dry
did a bunch of sketchy things including
bullying a girl into dropping out from
her previous school I was an [ __ ] to
someone at my old school but then left
13 tapes blaming everyone else for her
suicide girl that's like farting and
then leaving the room so season two has
I'm taking her to court God's not dead
to style her mom's pretty much said I'm
taking down the school she's rocking
that Jamie Lee Curtis cut she just
finished binge watching three billboards
outside of having Missouri and she wants
these baker's dozen to give her daughter
justice there's also a kid named Alex
who tried killing himself in the first
season he shot his head so now his other
head won't get up either to school
contact Jessica Justin over here
probably the worst couple goals you
could ever think of
they Franko jr. here is his role in six
balloons he's raised by a drug addict he
is a drug addict homeless and it isn't
until clays parents adopt him at the end
of the season that he finally becomes
kinda decent Jessica was Hanna's friend
in the first season who for whatever
reason uses rape as a badge of honor
instead of calling out the people who
should be called out she's like the
sansa of this school since she never
speaks up but we are that might be
evidence well it doesn't belong to you
we also got a counselor who's beating up
people like he's Batman AG a baseball
player beating up people with his Batman
a kid who reveals in court that him and
Hanna
smashed all summer and took each other's
virginity which leaves you questioning
why didn't he have a bigger impact in
season one considering the girl he
popped his cherry to popped her wrist
Tyla the creator of destruction might as
well get a cinematography credit since
he's the school photographer and he's
shooting everything and we see a lot of
things to his perspective and like they
hinted in season 1 they definitely play
around with him being a literal school
shooter he befriends a member of AFI and
starts target practice and starts
falling in love with guns before clay
stops them right at the end of the
season from shooting up the school dance
in the last episode and clay just stands
there locked and loaded now I used to
like later I thought clay was an
interesting character he was Hanna's
friend who actually really cared about
her poor guy got a tape because he left
Hanna alone one night when it was / who
asked him to leave him alone but this
dude gets super creepy in season 2 my
man not only attracts another girl who
cuts herself you really do have a thing
for complicated girls named Skye even
though she's always down but he starts
imagining Hannah Baker like he's
reprising his role in goosebumps he
starts seeing her everywhere like I get
the actress wants her royalties but damn
Hannah you're like jigsaw still playing
games in the afterlife
Haley clay Osmond keeps seeing dead
people everywhere he goes he even tries
school redoing himself as he tries to
hide from the ghost of Hanna there's a
scene where he pulls that even Stephens
beans cousin thing
[Music]
where he's seeing Hannah's face while
he's making out someone's got to take
this girl after your friend mm one thing
that's supposed to be masterpiece oh god
it's a so boring
you should still see it though you know
so at least one pretentious people talk
about eating yawn really lovely nose
painful right you're in space why aren't
you having fun in space why does nobody
talk why is the movie so long and nobody
talks about anything girl you're the
wall with 13 episodes probably my
favorite part is when clay learns about
Hannah
smashing Zach like a wild Thornberry all
summer that he actually asks the ghost
of Hannah if I didn't town that summer
me instead brah she a ghost she ain't
gonna let you hit they end up pulling a
rings on Hannah's tapes and they become
digital so everyone can listen to them
everyone gets to hear her side of the
story
and everyone is able to be entertained
by the story of a girl who committed
suicide yeah think about that yeah look
you can call me a hater but I also hate
on the ones who deserve it in season 1
Bryce had the hardest role since he was
always hard molesting individuals he's
that trust-fund kid who gets away with
everything when really he should get
smacked with a 13-inch donkey thing is
is that he even shows up to court and
they dropped some Clark Kent glasses on
this dude he's up there trying to look
innocent like Eddie the Eagle do looking
like fat Chris Pratt thinking people
will like him and he gets away with it
the Baker's lose their trial the wrong
people get punished because if there's
one thing as consistent as all the moms
being milfs in this show is that justice
never seems to be sir and Jeff still
deserves better thank you guys for
checking out this video let me know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section I'm sure some of you already
have I know that there are people who
really like this show and believe that
words really do matter so yeah don't
tell other people to kill themselves cuz
they don't like it just a little PSA
over here if we doing PSAs definitely
let me know your thoughts down below any
other Netflix shows you want me to cover
if you hated this video make sure to
share it and complain about it make sure
to send me those hate comments as you
comment like and subscribe down below
and I'll send you your own tape